Oh, my trading strategy is never going
to stop working. All these people are
worried about alpha decay and what if my
trading strategy just doesn't work
anymore. You guys understand that my
trading strategy is just a breakout and
a feral gap. That's literally it. The
market is never going to stop having a
breakout and it's never going to stop
having feral gap.
>> This is being completely clueless and it
goes beyond the question, does fair
value gap work? He's telling himself
that just the presence of fair value gap
and breakouts make his strategy working
and will work forever. Guys, don't fool
yourself and test your strategies. Don't
just rely on what's your gut feeling.